hey you guys it is me a pilot here and I
just wanted to make a quick video I am
so excited to be here today literally I
just woke up so excuse the fact that I
don't have one and makeup or anything
but it'll be okay um anyways today I had
a package come in the mail from friday
night hair calm and this units that i
got in the mail is a GLS 16 and let me
tell you i wanted um this for so long
and they're always out of the one b
which is the color that I normally like
to get however recently my weaves and
everything that I've been rocking have
been like a hair color number two and
yeah so I was on I did my research and I
watched a couple of videos and I saw
some people I didn't see the GLS 16 and
a number two um but I did see it in at
number four and I was just watching some
people's reviews and they were saying
that the number for her friday night
hair calm is similar to like them number
two which I'll do sometimes if I don't
do it one beat so I ordered a GLS 16
number four and it came in the mail
today I'm so excited um anyways so here
it is um don't mind the hip is she's one
that is a miss Maxine so um yeah anyways
basically she's really pretty I think
what's the lighting the way I have it
you can see the color so this is the
number four but um yeah I think it looks
kind of like number two to me like a
light number two it's not too light
which I'm really excited about
it's light enough anyways um I think
she's really pretty she's going to be
good for um probably every day here my
still my favorite unit that I rock is a
um GLS 09 like that's probably my
everyday here however that's really big
for a lot of people so some people don't
want to wear here that's big like that I
personally love it so anyways this is
Miss gle 16 the packaging that she came
in literally sorry i just opened her
just a standard friday night hair com
packaging really nice they put this
sorry I'm using my camera phone so I
don't haven't to stand or anything I'm
just so happy it came in this little
thing I guess to keep it puffy have the
hair net over it came in a plastic bag
some wrapping that it comes with a
standard except for it come with a wake
at this time which I'm kind of
disappointed about but that's okay
anyways this is the packaging that it
came in and you can see it is a GLS 16
hair color number four then it gives
their whole little spiel yeah and then
it also comes with the tape that I never
use I want to try to use it one day so
we'll see i don't think i'm going to use
it on this all i do is bobby pin my
hearing anyways she's gorgeous um not
too long not too short she I don't know
I'm gonna put on so that we can see
exactly um how long she is I don't know
I want to call her like 18 to 20 inches
really pretty loose not tight crows um
just kind of wavy a little bit I love
her and a lot
of parting space you can wear her
different ways however you want to do I
can just run my fingers through it I'm
not even going to need to use like a big
comb or brush it doesn't look like to
get her to do it I wanted to do so I'm
about to go and put her on um stay tuned